doc: update guide on creating Matter accessory (#6532)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_matter_creating_accessory.rst

         Configuring the Temperature Measurement server cluster

> #. Go to the On/off cluster configuration and make sure that you have OnOff attribute, and On and Off commands enabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to the On/off cluster configuration and make sure that you have the ``OnOff`` attribute and both On and Off commands enabled:
```

   .. figure:: images/matter_create_accessory_enable_onoff_commands.png
      :alt: On/off cluster configuration

      On/off cluster configuration

> #. Go to the Temperature Measurement cluster configuration and make sure that you have MeasuredValue attribute enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to the Temperature Measurement cluster configuration and make sure that you have the ``MeasuredValue`` attribute enabled.
```

Edit the event queue
====================

> The main application loop is based on a queue on which events are posted by ZCL callbacks and other application components, such as Zephyr timers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main application loop is based both on a queue on which events are posted by ZCL callbacks and on other application components, such as Zephyr timers.
```

Author: I meant that events can be posted by both ZCL callbacks and other components.

      void AppTask::SensorMeasureHandler()
      {
              chip::app::Clusters::TemperatureMeasurement::Attributes::MeasuredValue::Set(
                      /* endpoint ID */ 1, /* temperature in 0.01*C */ int16_t(rand() % 5000));
      }

   With this addition, when the sensor is active, the timer expiration event happens every half a second.

>    This causes an invocation of :c:func:`SensorMeasureHandler()` and triggers an update of the MeasuredValue attribute of the Temperature Measurement cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This causes an invocation of :c:func:`SensorMeasureHandler()` and triggers an update of the ``MeasuredValue`` attribute of the Temperature Measurement cluster.
```

              }
      }

Include header for cluster attribute helpers
============================================

To import helper functions for accessing cluster attributes, make sure to include the following file in the :file:`src/app_task.cpp` file:

.. code-block:: C++

   #include <app-common/zap-generated/attributes/Accessors.h>

.. rst-class:: numbered-step

Create a callback for sensor activation and deactivation
********************************************************

> Up until now handlers for the :c:struct:`SensorActivate` and :c:struct:`SensorDeactivate` events are ready, but the events are never posted to the event queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handlers for the :c:struct:`SensorActivate` and :c:struct:`SensorDeactivate` events are now ready, but the events are not posted to the event queue.
```

> The sensor is supposed to be turned on and off remotely by changing the OnOff attribute of the On/off cluster, for example using the Matter controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sensor is supposed to be turned on and off remotely by changing the ``OnOff`` attribute of the On/off cluster, for example using the Matter controller.
```

> This means that there is a need to implement a callback function to post one of these events every time the OnOff attribute changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that we need to implement a callback function to post one of these events every time the ``OnOff`` attribute changes.
```

> To implement the callback function, create a new file, for example :file:`src/zcl_callbacks.cpp`, and implement the callback in this file.
> To see a list of callback functions that are customizable, open :file:`src/zap-generated/callback-stub.cpp` and look for functions with ``__attribute__((weak))``.
> It is sufficient just to implement ``MatterPostAttributeChangeCallback`` (read the description in :file:`src/zap-generated/callback-stub.cpp`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement the callback function, complete the following steps:

1. Create a new file, for example :file:`src/zcl_callbacks.cpp`.
2. Implement the callback in this file:

   a. Open :file:`src/zap-generated/callback-stub.cpp` to check the list of callback functions that are customizable.
   #. In the :file:`src/zap-generated/callback-stub.cpp` file, look for functions with ``__attribute__((weak))``.
   #. Read the description of ``MatterPostAttributeChangeCallback``.
   #. Implement ``MatterPostAttributeChangeCallback`` in the :file:`src/zcl_callbacks.cpp` file.
```
Would this work?

Author: Yes, but I merged points 'a' and 'b' as `__attribute__((weak))` actually indicates that the function is customizable.

For example, the implementation can look as follows:

.. code-block:: C++

   #include "app_task.h"

   #include <app-common/zap-generated/ids/Attributes.h>
   #include <app-common/zap-generated/ids/Clusters.h>
   #include <app/ConcreteAttributePath.h>

   using namespace ::chip;
   using namespace ::chip::app::Clusters;

   void MatterPostAttributeChangeCallback(const chip::app::ConcreteAttributePath & attributePath, uint8_t mask, uint8_t type,
                                          uint16_t size, uint8_t * value)
   {
           if (attributePath.mClusterId != OnOff::Id || attributePath.mAttributeId != OnOff::Attributes::OnOff::Id)
                   return;

           GetAppTask().PostEvent(AppEvent(*value ? AppEvent::SensorActivate : AppEvent::SensorDeactivate));
   }

.. rst-class:: numbered-step

Add new source file to CMakeLists
*********************************

> To assure a proper build, you must update the :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file by adding :file:`src/zcl_callbacks.cpp` source file to the ``app`` target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that everything builds without errors, update the :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file by adding :file:`src/zcl_callbacks.cpp` source file to the ``app`` target.
```

Testing the new sensor application
**********************************

.. note::

>    Please use the Python Controller when :ref:`setting up Matter development environment <ug_matter_configuring_mobile>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use the Python Controller when :ref:`setting up Matter development environment <ug_matter_configuring_mobile>`.
```
We don't beg in the docs.

              }
      }

Include header for cluster attribute helpers
============================================

To import helper functions for accessing cluster attributes, make sure to include the following file in the :file:`src/app_task.cpp` file:

.. code-block:: C++

   #include <app-common/zap-generated/attributes/Accessors.h>

.. rst-class:: numbered-step

Create a callback for sensor activation and deactivation
********************************************************

Handlers for the :c:struct:`SensorActivate` and :c:struct:`SensorDeactivate` events are now ready, but the events are not posted to the event queue.
The sensor is supposed to be turned on and off remotely by changing the ``OnOff`` attribute of the On/off cluster, for example using the Matter controller.
This means that we need to implement a callback function to post one of these events every time the ``OnOff`` attribute changes.

To implement the callback function, complete the following steps:
1. Create a new file, for example :file:`src/zcl_callbacks.cpp`.

> 2. Implement the callback in this file:
>    a. Open :file:`src/zap-generated/callback-stub.cpp` to check the list of customizable callback functions, marked with ``__attribute__((weak))``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Implement the callback in this file:

   a. Open :file:`src/zap-generated/callback-stub.cpp` to check the list of customizable callback functions, marked with ``__attribute__((weak))``.
```
Lack of empty line is breaking the build.

              }
      }

Include header for cluster attribute helpers
============================================

To import helper functions for accessing cluster attributes, make sure to include the following file in the :file:`src/app_task.cpp` file:

.. code-block:: C++

   #include <app-common/zap-generated/attributes/Accessors.h>

.. rst-class:: numbered-step

Create a callback for sensor activation and deactivation
********************************************************

Handlers for the :c:struct:`SensorActivate` and :c:struct:`SensorDeactivate` events are now ready, but the events are not posted to the event queue.
The sensor is supposed to be turned on and off remotely by changing the ``OnOff`` attribute of the On/off cluster, for example using the Matter controller.
This means that we need to implement a callback function to post one of these events every time the ``OnOff`` attribute changes.

To implement the callback function, complete the following steps:

> 1. Create a new file, for example :file:`src/zcl_callbacks.cpp`.

Reviewer: We need a blank line before this line. Otherwise, the list will be a continuation of the previous sentence.

Author: I need to find some tool to show somewhat real-time preview of these doc changes as I can't get used to this syntax :D
